DOCSP-13845 crud update arrays (#77)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/change-a-document.txt

- :doc:`Compound Operations </fundamentals/crud/compound-operations>`
- :manual:`Update Operators </reference/operator/update/#update-operators>`

> For information on updating array elements, see the :doc:`Update Arrays

Reviewer: consider changing this from a `doc` link to a `ref` link. If the title of / path to the linked page ever changes you won't have to make changes to this link if you do this.

> For information on updating array elements, see the :doc:`Update Arrays
> in a Document </fundamentals/crud/write-operations/embedded-arrays>` guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on updating array elements, see the :ref:`update-arrays-golang` guide.
```
